good yeah oh geez oh well now Shh it's
Kansas - no nothing at all absolutely
quiet is amazing but one of the
microphones picked up the decibel
waveform show the sound being generated
by the birds in flight each spike is an
individual wing beat
but with the bar now there's almost
nothing even our array of super
sensitive microphones failed to pick up
any sound of Kenza in flight and here's
the outdoing exactly the same nothing
nothing at all I'll play it again
there's not a sound here that is really
impressive isn't it
it shows that they really are silent
fliers so how does a bar now fly so
silently
when air moves it generates sound the
more movement the greater the sound the
pigeons large body and small wings mean
it can't stay airborne without a lot of
fast flapping this creates turbulence
and the feathers below
the Peregrine has much larger wings
which it uses to build up speed and
chase down its prey
the barn owl is far more graceful
Ken's as large wings a small body make
it easier for her to generate lift so
just one gentle wing beam sees her
gliding effortlessly through the air
creating little more than a whisper in
the feathers below